c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\TwitterLiveSearch.dll.config
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\TwitterLiveSearch.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\TwitterLiveSearch.pdb
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\PusherServer.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\PusherServer.pdb
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\PusherServer.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\obj\Debug\TwitterLiveSearch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\obj\Debug\TwitterLiveSearch.dll
c:\users\brennan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\obj\Debug\TwitterLiveSearch.pdb
c:\Users\Brennan\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TwitterLiveSearch\TwitterLiveSearch\bin\RazorGenerator.Templating.dll
